hey what's up guys it is the mvs
corporation here again and this time i'm
making this video just to let you guys
know that finally naruto is coming back
to Toonami on december first 2012 at
twelve-thirty am so technically is
actually easy son per second but they're
saying this is preferred so whatever and
it will be airing uncut so after 4 years
maybe five years I forget when was the
last time than that which I was on
toonami anyway after so long is back and
this is just what tsunami needed tanami
needs shows like this to make it skips
real big comeback to be the powerhouse
of anime again because we need tsunami
back again how it was over here in the
states and this is just the beginning
for it like this was totally unexpected
from my part like I didn't expect for
them to pick up Naruto so fast I thought
it would take them a while to be able to
pick a big show like this oh but let me
just tell you guys it's not actually
naruto shippuden it's just naruto like
the original one i'm still very excited
cuz i love that show and it will be area
uncut so no censorship
everything will be just like it was
meant to be seen without any sensor and
I guess that's in I will be reading
right now the tsunami schedule beginning
next saturday on december first so at
12am we have bleach at twelve-thirty
a.m. we have naruto I've 1am we have
tenchi muyo dxp awesome show at one
thirty AM we have thunder cats have 2
a.m. we have samurai 7 f 2 30am we have
seen Bionic Titan at 3am we have becca
seven one of the best enemy shows ever i
love the show
at 330am we have Fullmetal Alchemist
Brotherhood another amazing show at 4am
we have cowboy bebop at 430am another
episode acabo we've up at 5am inuyasha
and a 530am another episode of inuyasha
right now tsunami is looking really good
like just from just from looking at this
lineup like i can tell that i will be
watching to not me for a long time
because this shows are awesome and i
hope that you guys will do the same
let's try to all watch the first episode
of naruto on the super first let's try
to set a record or something because
it's gonna be it's gonna be crazy and
you can expect great things from tsunami
from now on I guess that was it I was
just really excited when I heard the
news a few hours ago and so I knew that
I have to make a video just let you guys
know that this is going on cuz it is
great like I said it will be airing on
cartoon network toonami 1230 am don't
miss it go watch it watch it now well
now anyway I guess they said I hope you
guys had a great day and a great
thxgiving day yesterday I forgot to make
a video for that yesterday but I'm just
saying it right now and the Senate hope
you guys have a great evening and have a
nice day
you